Michael I've learned you since you were
a child you have a gift
you always have if there's an answer to
the disease they'll find it
[Music]
I should have died years ago
why am I still here if not to fix this
I have a rare blood disease and I'm not
that at a time video
this could be my last chance
[Music]
you're up to something what is it
that's not exactly label
I don't want to see you get hurt more
than you already have this would be a
cure
at what cost
[Music]
I went to time
the increased strength is speed
the ability is echolocation
and then overpowering urge to consume
blood
[Music]
how far are we allowed to go
we'll fix something that's broken
until the remedy
is worse than the disease
Michael Morbius got tired of doing old
good guy thing up what's up doc
you